readme.md, before:

Welcome to the Additel Serial Port Communcation repository.

Here you can find examples and a few utility classes for working with Additel units.

## Prerequisites

These examples and utilites are written mostly in Python, though you may sees a few written in other languages.  To get these to compile and run, you will need:

### [Python 2 for Windows](https://www.python.org/downloads/ "Python 2 for Windows")
Our examples use Python 2, though there is a chance that much of it will work with Python 3 as well.  The classes should be easy enough to read through and change, so if you do need to alter them, they shouldn't be too hard to work with.

### [pySerial](http://pythonhosted.org/pyserial/pyserial.html#installation "pySerial")
This is a cross platform python library that makes working with serial ports very easy.  I wish all languages had a serial library like this!  You can install this either using PyPI or directly.

And that should be it.  If you are coming from another language, I also highly reccomend that you [add Python to your Path Enviromental Variable](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3701646/how-to-add-to-the-pythonpath-in-windows-7 "Stack Overflow").  I used Bamara Coulibaly's answer.  But I'm guessing the higher voted answers work even better.

---

This repository contains basic information, utilities, and examples of how to communicate with Additel Pressure and Electrical Units via RS232 Serial Commands.

We are currently revamping it a bit to have a tutorial and other details to make communicating with a serial port easier.

Here is a small introduction to programming for these units:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10mg2ai0xhQEOzkcn_KFtL0X6zdXY_TRhn_qwrkdjd-U/pub

Commit message:

Some more changes to readme.

readme.md, after:

Welcome to the Additel Serial Port Communcation repository.

Here you can find examples and a few utility classes for working with Additel units.

---

## Prerequisites

These examples and utilites are written mostly in Python, though you may sees a few written in other languages.  To get these to compile and run, you will need:

### [Python 2 for Windows](https://www.python.org/downloads/ "Python 2 for Windows")
Our examples use Python 2, though there is a chance that much of it will work with Python 3 as well.  The classes should be easy enough to read through and change, so if you do need to alter them, they shouldn't be too hard to work with.

### [pySerial](http://pythonhosted.org/pyserial/pyserial.html#installation "pySerial")
This is a cross platform python library that makes working with serial ports very easy.  I wish all languages had a serial library like this!  You can install this either using PyPI or directly.

That should be it.  If you are coming from another programming language, I also reccomend that you [add Python to your Path Enviromental Variable](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/3701646/how-to-add-to-the-pythonpath-in-windows-7 "Stack Overflow").  I used Bamara Coulibaly's answer.  But I'm guessing the higher voted answers work even better.

---

## Examples

None so far.  But we'll be adding a few soon.

---

## Utility Classes

Currently we have one utility class which should help you with finding and identifying the Additel gauges.  You can find documentation on it in the Utility folder

### [Additel](/Utility)

---

# Old readme (in process of changing)

This repository contains basic information, utilities, and examples of how to communicate with Additel Pressure and Electrical Units via RS232 Serial Commands.

We are currently revamping it a bit to have a tutorial and other details to make communicating with a serial port easier.

Here is a small introduction to programming for these units:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/10mg2ai0xhQEOzkcn_KFtL0X6zdXY_TRhn_qwrkdjd-U/pub
